Initial PR for Komodor tile (#1225)
DataDog/integrations-extras: komodor/README.md

# Komodor - Kubernetes Troubleshooting Platform

## Overview

> This integration allows Datadog Monitor Alerts to be available in the Komodor Kubernetes troubleshooting platform and to suggest related services based on service connections detected by Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration allows Datadog Monitor Alerts to be available in the Komodor Kubernetes troubleshooting platform and suggests related services based on service connections detected by Datadog.
```

Komodor tracks changes across your entire K8s stack, analyzes their ripple effect, and provides you with the context you need to troubleshoot efficiently and independently. Komodor gives you insight into your Kubernetes deployments on a timeline with the relevant information like what changed, what code was pushed and by who. You can also view data from your Git, config maps, infrastruture, alerting and other tooling such as Datadog, in one centralized and easy-to-understand display, easily link to Datadog metrics with dynamic deployment links that take you directly to the matrices you need. This allows you to troubleshoot your microservices based on the most relevant context, connections and service dependencies detected in Datadog.

## Setup

1. Log onto the Komodor platform [here][7].
2. Install the Komodor pod-based agent on each Kubernetes cluster by using a Helm chart or Kustomize. For more information, see the [Komodor docs][2] for installing the agent.

> 3. Once the agent is installed, set up the Datadog integrations listed below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once the agent is installed, follow the steps below to set up the Datadog integration:
```

>     - [Komodor platform integration][3] -  This initial integration allows Datadog Monitor Alerts to be available in Komodor and will suggest related services based on service dependencies detected in Datadog. 

Reviewer: Hi @angus-young, could you please explain the difference between the platform and webhook integrations?

Author: Hi @anawishnoff The first step provides us with the customers Datadog API and Token key and this is when we can discover service dependencies within Datadog, the customer would have to continue on to the Webhook setup in order for us to receive alerts. I've change the above to better reflect this.

# Komodor - Kubernetes Troubleshooting Platform

## Overview

This integration allows Datadog Monitor Alerts to be available in the Komodor Kubernetes troubleshooting platform and to suggest related services based on service connections detected by Datadog.

> Komodor tracks changes across your entire K8s stack analyzes their ripple effect and provides you with the context you need to troubleshoot efficiently and independently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Komodor tracks changes across your entire K8s stack, analyzes their ripple effect and provides you with the context you need to troubleshoot efficiently and independently.
```

### Understand your kubernetes
Gain the K8s visibility you are lacking. See your deployments on a timeline with the relevant information: what changed, what code was pushed and by whom.

### Track your system end-to-end
View data from your Git, config, infra, alerting and other tools, in one centralized and easy-to-understand display.

### Uncovering the context
Troubleshoot your microservices based on the most relevant context, connections and dependencies.

### Increase business velocity
Optimize the troubleshooting process and free your devs-on-call to focus on their daily strategic work. Innovate faster without increasing operational risk.

### Increase performance and availability
Detect and resolve issues to prevent escalation. Enable any on-call developer to quickly uncover root causes and get the right teams involved for rapid resolution.

### Save on costs and scale smoothly
Manage your ever-growing system complexity, change frequency and alert volume without having to grow headcount and without an increasing burnout rate. Boost resolution rates, involve fewer people in the process and release DevOps bottlenecks seamlessly.

> ## Setup

Reviewer 3: Hi @angus-young, could you please add steps for how to set up the integration? Do users have to add their Datadog API key somewhere? Is their App key needed? 

What data will be sent into Datadog, and what data will be pulled out?

Reviewer 4: Hi @angus-young - to add onto Alex's comment, please follow the structure of the other readme files with a `##Setup` section that has steps, and a `## Data Collected` section in the precise format. [Auth0](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/blob/master/auth0/README.md) is a great example if there is not much data collected, and [EventStore](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/tree/master/eventstore#data-collected) is a good example if you do have metrics.

Author: @apigirl I added a ##Data collected section and now i'm getting another error when submitting, is this another version2 bug as I can't find any guidance in the docs for adding Category::Logging to the manifest.json.

You can install the Komodor agent in under 5 minutes, here is a [quick overview]![2] of installing the agent. 

## Support

> For more information and a live demo please [contact us]![1]

Reviewer 2: Same as above

```suggestion
For more information and a live demo please [contact us][1]
```

Komodor tracks changes across your entire K8s stack, analyzes their ripple effect and provides you with the context you need to troubleshoot efficiently and independently.

### Empower on-call teams
Make the knowledge and expertise that has traditionally been held by only a few, clear and visible to developers, SRE and support teams.

### Understand your kubernetes
Gain the K8s visibility you are lacking. See your deployments on a timeline with the relevant information: what changed, what code was pushed and by whom.

### Track your system end-to-end
View data from your Git, config maps, infrastruture, alerting and other tooling such as Datadog, in one centralized and easy-to-understand display, easily link to Datadog metrics with dynamic deployment links that take you directly to the matrics you need.

Troubleshoot your microservices based on the most relevant context, connections and service dependencies detected in Datadog.

## Setup

Once logged into the Komodor platform, you can easily install our pod-based agent on each Kubernetes cluster by using a Helm chart or Kustomize - here is a [quick overview][2] of installing the agent.

> Once the agent is installed you can begin setting up the Datadog integrations listed below. Once setup is completed, you can enrich deployment and service metadata with dynamic links and annotations as described below.

Reviewer: Are there specific instructions to install each type of integration listed below? If so, those steps should be listed out (or documentation outlining those steps should be linked here).

### Datadog integration
Komodor supports three types of integrations with Datadog.

#### Komodor platform integration 

> This [initial integration][3] will allow Datadog Monitor Alerts to be available in Komodor and will suggest related services based on service dependencies detected in Datadog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [initial integration][3] allows Datadog Monitor Alerts to be available in Komodor and will suggest related services based on service dependencies detected in Datadog. 
```

#### Datadog Webhook Integration

> The Datadog [Webhook integration][4] allows Komodor to receive alerts from Datadog Monitors. You will see all alerts in the Komodor Service View.

Reviewer: What's the difference between this integration and the integration mentioned above? Are they both sending Datadog Monitor alerts into Komodor?

#### Datadog Monitor Notification
Adding a Komodor [dynamic link][5] to Datadog Monitor Notifications will generate a direct link to the relevant service in Komodor. You will see the alert link in your Alerting provider connected to Datadog.

### Configure service and deployment annotations

> Enrich the Komodor service and deployment screens by adding links back to relevant Datadog APM Dashboards and dynamic links that will deep link back to specific service metrics and time ranges within Datadog. This can easily be done by using Kubernetes [annotations][6].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enrich the Komodor service and deployment screens by adding links to relevant Datadog APM Dashboards as well as dynamic links to specific service metrics and time ranges within Datadog. This can be done easily with Kubernetes [annotations][6].
```

# Komodor - Kubernetes Troubleshooting Platform

## Overview

This integration allows Datadog Monitor Alerts to be available in the Komodor Kubernetes troubleshooting platform and to suggest related services based on service connections detected by Datadog.

Komodor tracks changes across your entire K8s stack, analyzes their ripple effect and provides you with the context you need to troubleshoot efficiently and independently.

### Empower on-call teams
Make the knowledge and expertise that has traditionally been held by only a few, clear and visible to developers, SRE and support teams.

### Understand your kubernetes
Gain the K8s visibility you are lacking. See your deployments on a timeline with the relevant information: what changed, what code was pushed and by whom.

### Track your system end-to-end
View data from your Git, config, infra, alerting and other tools, in one centralized and easy-to-understand display, easily link to Datadog metrics with dynamic deployment links that take you directly to the data you need.

> ### Uncovering the context

Reviewer: To keep this section brief, would it be possible to combine the content of the "Empower on-call teams" and the content of "Increase performance and availability" with this section? I think that these sections are all related as they highlight the value of your platform, but are all higher level in terms of the actual integration.

Troubleshoot your microservices based on the most relevant context, connections and dependencies.

### Increase performance and availability
Detect and resolve issues to prevent escalation. Enable any on-call developer to quickly uncover root causes and get the right teams involved for rapid resolution.

## Setup

> Once logged into the Komodor platform you can easily install our pod-based agent on each Kubernetes cluster by using a Helm chart or Kustomize - here is a [quick overview][2] of installing the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once logged into the Komodor platform, you can easily install our pod-based agent on each Kubernetes cluster by using a Helm chart or Kustomize - here is a [quick overview][2] of installing the agent.
```

> Once the agent is install you can begin with the Datadog integrations listed below, when they're completed you can enrichen deployment and service metadata with dynamic links and annotations listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the agent is installed you can choose which type of Datadog integration works best for your use case and begin setting it up. Once the integration is set up, you can enrich deployment and service metadata with dynamic links and annotations as described below.
```

> Once the agent is install you can begin with the Datadog integrations listed below, when they're completed you can enrichen deployment and service metadata with dynamic links and annotations listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the agent is installed you can begin setting up the Datadog integrations listed below. Once setup is completed, you can enrich deployment and service metadata with dynamic links and annotations as described below.
```

> ### Datadog integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Types of integrations
```

> ### Datadog integration

Reviewer: Is a user supposed to set up all three of these integration types, or choose one type that works best? If a user is able to use all of this functionality at once, we should not refer to each bit of functionality as a separate integration.

Author: I'll add some clarity to this section, ideally a user sets up all three to have the most complete integration experience so that's the guidance I'll add.

#### Datadog Webhook Integration
The Datadog [Webhook integration][4] allows Komodor to receive alerts from Datadog Monitors. You will see all alerts in the Komodor Service View.

#### Datadog Monitor Notification
Adding a Komodor [dynamic link][5] to Datadog Monitor Notifications will generate a direct link to the relevant service in Komodor. You will see the alert link in your Alerting provider connected to Datadog.

### Configure service and deployment annotations
Enrich the Komodor service and deployment screens by adding links back to relevant Datadog APM Dashboards and dynamic links that will deep link back to specific service metrics and time ranges within Datadog. This can easily be done by using Kubernetes [annotations][6].

## Data Collected

### Log collection
Komodor does not send any logs to Datadog.

### Metrics
Komodor does not include any metrics.

### Service Checks
Komodor does not include any service checks.

### Events
Komodor will display Datadog events in the Komodor Service and Events timelines.

## Support

> For more information and a live demo please [contact us][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information please [contact us][1].
```
